README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Adding ollama for chat functionality.

README.md, after:

# MedConnect Patient Dashboard

A responsive patient dashboard application built with Next.js, Tailwind CSS, and Supabase.

## Features

- **Medical Records Management**: Upload and manage medical reports and documents
- **Appointment Scheduling**: Schedule, view, and cancel medical appointments
- **Prescription Management**: View prescriptions and request refills
- **AI-Powered Chat**: Communicate with a patient navigator powered by LLM technology
- **Mobile Responsive**: Fully responsive design for all devices

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## AI Chat Feature

The chat functionality uses [Vercel AI SDK](https://ai-sdk.dev/) with [Ollama](https://ollama.com/) to enable AI-powered patient assistance.

### Setting Up Ollama

See [OLLAMA_SETUP.md](./OLLAMA_SETUP.md) for detailed instructions on setting up the AI chat feature.

## Learn More

To learn more about the technologies used in this project:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/docs)
- [Supabase](https://supabase.com/docs)
- [Vercel AI SDK](https://ai-sdk.dev/)
- [Ollama](https://ollama.com/)

## Deployment

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.
